---
layout: post
title: 脱单指南
date: 2011-03-21
author: Reeds
tags: [见贤思齐, 上下求索]

---

Reddit话题“我被爱情抛弃了”神回复：[原帖](https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/158rgu/my_love_life_just_hates_me/)

Here is your strategy: Do not merely chase after this girl, and co-opt your cousin to do it. I'll explain why.

There are a few different strategies one can take in the dating world. You seem like you are employing the least successful methodology. That is, you're fixating on one particular girl you do not know and who possibly (likely?) has a boyfriend. Face it. You do not know her. She lives an hour away. Why should the fact that learning this random girl who lives an hour away has a boyfriend hurt your feelings and disappoint you? It's because your strategy to dating sucks.

What you need to do is drop the idea that you are going to chase after a particular girl and "win her over." What this causes is you to overemphasize each particular woman you are wanting to date. Then, come time of action and possible rejection, you get emotional and shy and uncomfortable - primarily because there is so much you are putting on the line.

What you need to do instead is grow and foster as many relationships as you can. These relationships should be with friends and family, girls and guys, teachers and mentors. (A trick to time management - invite people to stuff you are already doing; "you should never be eating alone").

Then, as you get closer to prospective dates you can choose to try to move into relationship territory with the ones you truly click with by consciously shifting things into 'official dating territory'. (Afraid of the friendzone in the meantime? Keep things *mildly* flirtatious. And if you have a dozen relationships fostering, losing one to a friendship is nothing. We can all use more friends.)

Here are the benefits:

·    More friends, more events to go to, more invites and parties, more support in times of need. You'll also get better at socializing with all of this practice and something of a smoothtalker, if you aren't already.

·    You will lose your butterflies. In part because you're comfortable with these people already and in part because there is less fixation and less devastation on possible failure. She isn't interested? That's okay, maybe Sarah is. Or Jennie. Or Rachel. You get the point.

·    The social circle will be self-sustaining. You will be introduced to friends of friends and friends of friends of friends all of the time. You can pick and choose the ones you would like to maintain contact with. Be civil to everyone, though.

·    You will date more people, more often, and get to choose the relationships you want to get more serious with - instead of having a series of long term relationships with large gaps between each. You will become the guy that girls say "If feels like every time I find an awesome dude life slaps me in the face and goes, 'He has a girlfriend, bitch! Haha!'"

*TL;DR - Don't fixate on a single girl at a time. Grow relationships with everyone around you and choose the girls you'd like to get to know even better. It will be less awkward, less nerve-wracking, and you'll know ahead of time if they have a boyfriend.*
